not
hello my name is annie casamayou and
I am a naturopath
today I will explain
how to make a cure of clay
very simple to prepare
I will take a teaspoon I
use me a teaspoon dargis then
it's green clay powder
clay on film
and then I'll pour it in rain
a glass of water when you poured
clay in the green especially you do not
do not stir up that the day before at
evening you let rest all night
and then in the morning the clay deposit goes
go down to the bottom of the glass and you go
drink only the water that floats
you will do for 4 to 5 days
that's the time that your body
gets used to clay and then
when the five days have passed if you
feel that all is well you go before
to drink your glass of clay in the morning
you will take the spoon and then
stir and at that moment you drink
the whole clay and where you have
noticed that I used a spoon
wooden to make my preparation
actually wide he does not like the
all the contact of the metal on the other hand
plan a glass with edges
thick enough because it happens that
the clay is powerful enough
to break the greens too hungry or the
crystal glasses
the duration of a cure and three weeks
it is usually done in the
tradition at the time of the changes of
season that is to say in the fall and at the
spring mainly to the tastes you
will see wide he has absolutely nothing
unpleasant
a pure clay can clean
the body
she will chase from the body the
toxic toxins in fact wide it
acts as a researcher and she
going to go deep tissue
dislodge all the toxins that are
find and suddenly put them back into
traffic to be able to evacuate them
outward wide he drains a
pure of clay purifies so she can
heal
skin problems for example worries
digestive and many other things
in fact wide it acts so
smart she'll go to the source
of dysfunction so if there is a
organ or a function that is in default
wide he'll go to act at that level
wide it acts powerfully you have it
well understood that's why there is when
even precautions to respect if you
have high blood pressure or if you have
did an occlusion in the past
intestinal better you refrain from
this clay cure of the same if you
follow a drug treatment
preferred to inform your doctor because it
can be interactions between
drugs and clay
now you know the
benefits of a clay cure
if you liked this advice, I invite you
to find myself in an upcoming video
where I will explain to you how to do
gastroenteritis case